so what do we know about the 3d robotics
solo as one of the two 1 gigahertz
computers as other so learning computers
one inside the cell itself am one within
a transmitter there is a pixel to flight
controller the picks up two runs the RG
copter open source software however it
has more sensors in the standard pixel
giving it more precise flight the pixel
2 is powered by 52 bits cortex m4
running the knoteks
real-time operating system the pics help
to offers redundancy on its sensors so
should one fail there is a backup there
are three I am use there are three
gyroscopes there are three magnetometers
and two barometers the solo has an
optional 3 axis gimbal which is
controlled via a blink high-speed the
pixhawk flies the quad leaving a solo
link to act as your co-pilot the
hardware works in unison ensuring the
legs and prop stay out of shot a number
of shot modes are available shots
include selfie cable cam orbits follow
with more to come
you